_pages/home.md, before:

---
title: "Overview"
permalink: /
excerpt: ""
---

The Los Alamos National Laboratory's Advanced Network Science Initiative (ANSI) is an interdisciplinary initiative that enables fundamental and applied research to address long-term challenges in critical infrastructure design, operation, and security. The primary philosophy of ANSI is that combining insights from Theoretical Physics, Applied Mathematics, Computer Science, and Applied Engineering can result in novel computational methods that address a variety of emerging challenges in infrastructure networks.


## Research Opportunities

ANSI is always looking to motivated and enthusiastic persons to contribute to this research through postdoc and student appointments.  Interested parties are encouraged to inquire at [ansi-info@lanl.gov](mailto:ansi-info@lanl.gov) and apply to LANL job posting [IRC68606](https://lanl.jobs/los-alamos-nm/advanced-network-science-initiative-postdoctoral-research-associate/3C2D45654A214CE08B8735B5139EC61D/job/).


## Application Areas

To help motivate and inspire novel computational methods, ANSI studies a variety of challenging problems in critical infrastructure networks, such as _Analysis of Extreme Events_, _Network-base Machine Learning and Data Analytics_, _Control and Optimization Under Uncertainty_, _Interdependencies Across Multiple Networks_, and _The Design of Resilient Networks_.  ANSI has strong expertise in power systems and natural gas systems and is currently building an expertise in potable water and cyber-physical systems.


## Research Areas

To address these challenging application areas, ANSI contributes to basic research in a variety of areas including, Statistical Physics / Complex Networks, Machine Learning / Graphical Models, Control Theory, Discrete and Nonconvex Optimization, and Graph Theory.  ANSI always strives for research excellence and targets competitive publication venues, such as Science Advances, Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences, Proceedings of the IEEE, Operations Research, Transactions on Power Systems, Proceedings of Neural Information Processing Systems (NIPS), Proceedings of the Association for the Advancement of Artificial Intelligence (AAAI), and Proceedings of the IEEE Conference on Decision and Control (CDC), to name a few.  A complete profile of ANSI's publications is available [here](https://scholar.google.com/citations?user=7CYmS6IAAAAJ).

Commit message:

add note on 2019 winter school

_pages/home.md, after:

---
title: "Overview"
permalink: /
excerpt: ""
---

The Los Alamos National Laboratory's Advanced Network Science Initiative (ANSI) is an interdisciplinary initiative that enables fundamental and applied research to address long-term challenges in critical infrastructure design, operation, and security. The primary philosophy of ANSI is that combining insights from Theoretical Physics, Applied Mathematics, Computer Science, and Applied Engineering can result in novel computational methods that address a variety of emerging challenges in infrastructure networks.


## Research Opportunities

ANSI is always looking to motivated and enthusiastic persons to contribute to this research through postdoc and student appointments.  Interested parties are encouraged to inquire at [ansi-info@lanl.gov](mailto:ansi-info@lanl.gov) and apply to LANL job posting [IRC68606](https://lanl.jobs/los-alamos-nm/advanced-network-science-initiative-postdoctoral-research-associate/3C2D45654A214CE08B8735B5139EC61D/job/).


## 2019 Gird Science Winter School & Conference

Registration is now open for ANSI's third Grid Science Winter School & Conference, program and registration details are available [here](http://cnls.lanl.gov/gridscience).  A limited number of scholarships are available to support graduate student participation, applications are due by October 30, 2018.


## Application Areas

To help motivate and inspire novel computational methods, ANSI studies a variety of challenging problems in critical infrastructure networks, such as _Analysis of Extreme Events_, _Network-base Machine Learning and Data Analytics_, _Control and Optimization Under Uncertainty_, _Interdependencies Across Multiple Networks_, and _The Design of Resilient Networks_.  ANSI has strong expertise in power systems and natural gas systems and is currently building an expertise in potable water and cyber-physical systems.


## Research Areas

To address these challenging application areas, ANSI contributes to basic research in a variety of areas including, Statistical Physics / Complex Networks, Machine Learning / Graphical Models, Control Theory, Discrete and Nonconvex Optimization, and Graph Theory.  ANSI always strives for research excellence and targets competitive publication venues, such as Science Advances, Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences, Proceedings of the IEEE, Operations Research, Transactions on Power Systems, Proceedings of Neural Information Processing Systems (NIPS), Proceedings of the Association for the Advancement of Artificial Intelligence (AAAI), and Proceedings of the IEEE Conference on Decision and Control (CDC), to name a few.  A complete profile of ANSI's publications is available [here](https://scholar.google.com/citations?user=7CYmS6IAAAAJ).
